okay this is how it starts
you're woken up by a strange sound not
the alarm though
it's 5 am after a few seconds
you realize the strange sound is a knock
on the window
but you live on the 12th floor who or
what could be knocking
window cleaners you live in an ordinary
apartment building
not a skyscraper with offices the
knocking is getting stronger
you muster up the courage and go to the
window reach for the curtain
and abruptly pull it aside what you see
is fantastic there are flying or
floating small fish outside your window
thousands of them a shoal of sardines
rising
directly to the sky a few knock on your
window as they pass
there are so many sardines you can't see
what's going on outside
but as the last fish flies by the full
picture opens before you
large and small fish fly between the
houses
octopuses cut through the air with their
tentacles into a rain cloud
a huge whale is slowly drifting toward
the horizon
above the roof of a nearby house two
sharks
chase four sea lions a neighbor waves to
you
he holds a fishing rod from the window
and waits for the fish to bite
a school no a flock of dolphins flies
past your window
they cheerfully whistle as if they're
greeting you
what's going on you turn on the tv
all the channels are playing the same
thing sea creatures of the earth have
learned to fly
leaving the ocean and filling the air
all
flights worldwide are canceled and
fishing vessels are idle in the seas
oceans lakes and rivers and no one knows
what happened
well you get dressed and go outside sea
turtles crawl on the ground
they shiver flap their fins and rise
into the air
a flock of shrimp flies past you has the
ocean lost its gravity
what happened to all the water you live
in a port town
close to the sea so you decide to go to
the coast
you reach the shore and see the water is
calm
gravity seems to be intact but the sea
creatures continue to take to the
air six months later
people gradually get used to the new
natural phenomenon
fish occupy most of the sky some sea
creatures penetrate the middle layers of
the atmosphere
smaller birds have almost disappeared
since the presence of predatory fish in
the sky
but birds of prey that hunt fish gained
weight
they've eaten so much that they can't
fly anymore
plump gulls albatrosses pelicans and
eagles
can hardly walk and barely support
themselves
planes stopped flying and ship travel
increased
the world's ecosystem is completely
changing
the ocean becomes lifeless the number of
bacteria
microbes and various nutrients in the
water move to the air
people get sick more often and in some
areas
it becomes difficult to breathe when it
rains millions of shrimp and small
fish fall to the ground along with the
water
many predatory mammals that have been
feeding on fish
begin to stop they go out to the roads
and cities to find
scientists research the flying creatures
and find that they somehow
change the structure of their lungs but
how fish got the ability to fly
is still unknown it seems nature
just decided to push people out of their
usual environment
fishermen build balloons to fish in the
sky
some athletes throw a lasso at flying
whales
and ride them like huge horses though
the landing can be difficult
creatures that previously swam only in
the very depths of the ocean
settle at high altitudes researchers
discover new
previously unknown fish species from the
ocean depths
a giant octopus rose into the air many
call it the kraken
this monster has found a new home right
on top of mount
everest now everyone is afraid to climb
this mountain
the most deep water creatures reach
space
on the iss astronauts observe amazing
animals flying past
they look like aliens from other planets
not earth
in some areas sharks descend to the
ground for food
in these places people are afraid to go
out
fishing companies buy huge boeings and
attach nets to it to catch
fish in the air but flights are not safe
especially when a whale suddenly appears
smack dab in their path
authorities impose curfews in many
cities
people climb to the roofs and watch an
incredible sight at night
flying jellyfish floating in the air
thanks to the bioluminescent protein
and jellyfish they glow stars in the sky
mix with the neon transparent creatures
but be careful
some of these jellyfish are very
venomous some people were so
fascinated by the beautiful jellyfishes
that they touched them
and ended up in the hospital squid
frightened by the new conditions release
ink into the air
when a lot of squids do this the ink
blots out the light from the sun
massive traffic jams appear on the roads
because electric eels fly through the
streets and shock traffic lights
well all of humanity is looking up at
the sky
almost no one has noticed what is
happening down here
all over the world people with a strange
physical disability show up in hospitals
weird holes form under people's ears
doctors don't understand what they're
dealing with
but then one of the patients jumps into
a lake
and it turns out he can breathe
underwater
all people grow gills at first
most people refuse to go underwater but
their changed lungs force them to do so
or spend the rest of their lives in a
gas mask
some people are happy to go under the
water and start a new life
the human body adapts to the cold
temperatures and high pressure
there is a lot of work ahead to create
cities and infrastructure
but things are not so bad there is more
space in the water than on land
one year later humanity begins to fully
migrate to the oceans
but instead of a new life they find
trash
a lot of garbage billions of tons of
plastic are floating in the water
their new home turns out to be a massive
dump that people have created
global plastic recycling starts in all
waters
every day people take out tons of trash
from the ocean
the water is getting cleaner trash dumps
appear on land
five years later water becomes cleaner
people don't live in garbage anymore all
the plastic is on land
as soon as the problem is solved
humanity begins to build
underwater cities but then all the fish
start to fall into the seas and oceans
everything returns to the usual way of
life
people lose their gills and now they're
back on land
sea creatures live in clean water once
more philosophers and scientists from
all over the world
believe that in this way nature has
taught people a lesson
we understand how to live in a world of
garbage and how we should care about our
planet
people are making a considerable effort
to preserve the planet's ecology
waste recycling plants are built every
person stops using plastic
harmony begins between man and nature
again